but still  at the end of the day  the github repositories are still owned by a particular organization . and they all have their copyright statements at the top of the files  and   yeah  in the field of innovation  the copyright is kind of helping in that sense . yeah  yeah  its helping with the ownership issues . but in academia  especially when you have the concept of peer review  the reviewer has to see your code . i mean  it helps a lot to decide in some cases on accepting your work . so you need to have your code somewhere and it needs to be available . especially  if you want other people to use your research and you wanna get citations and referrals  you need your code to be available  such that other people can use it and they can basically build on top of your research . but then  that means that if the code is available  then they can make small alterations to the code and basically a new paper or a new version of that problem comes out . and again  going back to the same problem that i mentioned  so . again  its kind of like a cat and mouse problem . if you make the code completely closed and if its closed source  then you have the problem of monopoly issues . only people who have access to these codes can publish good papers and it gets out of the hands of other people who want to start and thrive . but if you make it fully open source  then you have this problem  so again . yeah  its frustrating when protocols or things are developed behind the scenes and you want to contribute  but i can understand the reasoning that that happens like so . as we get almost the end of the time for the live event  just wanted to make sure  are you guys doing good with the project ? any moral issue with the project ? hope everything - submitted last week . were done .  oh  perfect . i have some questions about the quiz  but i guess we can wait until thursday . you can ask now or we can wait till thursday or so . also  i wanted to again  remind you guys that if you havent already scheduled your final  please  schedule your final . if you get emails from ct that  hey  people  if they have not scheduled  they might not be able to schedule on their time that they want . and given the fact that people are in different parts of the world  you might get a time that is bad  maybe its middle of the night  or its noon  its lunchtime  or something like that . so make sure that you consider the time that you want and schedule as soon as possible  if you havent done already . the best i can do is 11:30 pm  unfortunately  thats so . yeah  i mean - timezone issues . sometimes  its not the best time  its not the productive time that you want . but on the other hand  i dont think  lets say  4:30 am also would be helpful  right ? sorry  thats just me . i dont know if its a good example or not  but maybe 11:30 pm  looking at it  optimistically  may be better . yeah  ive got coffee at hand . and its just great that its all available online and i appreciate your efforts and everyones efforts to make it possible . so its just good opportunity all around  so i cant complain too much . in another course  we had this issue that students forgot to schedule on a good time . and unfortunately  one student had to take an exam like 2:30 am because of the time difference . it was not 2:30 am here but it was 2:30 am where the student was taking the exam . and it was very unfortunate  there was no other time  no better time . the proctoru was completely full and the student didnt think that ahead of time and then the problem happened . so make sure that those things wouldnt happen for you . so i know its very hard to take the exam on a time that you normally sleep . your frontal lobe  which is responsible for your writing and thinking of the problem  might not be functioning on times like that  so . exactly   exactly  i think it was over 2:00 am when i finished the first exam  but i was half an hour and i was feeling quite tired .  but it cant be helped  yeah . yeah  maybe coffee  i dont know . if youre a coffee person maybe  or strong tea . yeah  i think  i am a coffee person . i think im immune to caffeine now  but  yeah  but again  i know its hard on late time . its very hard . but again  take into account that these courses are designed for a physical class . and it just happened that we couldnt take the classes physical  so . the fact that this course is available  i think its a great opportunity that people around the world can take this course and still they can finish their degrees without physically being here . that  i think  is a very good opportunity . again  im just looking at the bright side . i know that its hard taking a course on different time zone  its super hard  i understand . personally  im taking other courses on coursera for personal development . sometimes im also late for my deadlines or its last minute  but thats the best i could do . when i understand the fact that this is even possible for me to do it  its great opportunity . i totally agree with you . how do you fit in everything in your schedule ? the phd studies  plus the personal development courses  and this instruction  and everything ? its one word  its super hard .  but generally speaking  its the life of grant . thats the grant life . so you have a lot of responsibilities  limited amount of time  and everything is based on the priorities . you have to just basically prioritize and then sometime its a trade off between perfectionism and basically making things  finish things  and complete things . sometimes  if you have more time and you can basically invest more time on some tasks  maybe that becomes 5% or 10% better . but you dont have the time . so you have to  basically  prioritize based on the deadlines and things that you have to do . and yeah  its hectic at the beginning  especially  speaking for the phd . usually  im instructing one or two courses and at the same time  i have to do research  and since im at the last stage of my phd  i have to do an exam . this summer  i did comprehensive exam while i was teaching this course . this is very stressful  but you get used to it . and whoever is listening to this  if you guys want to continue to phd  youll get there . i believe that if you push hard enough  if you work hard enough  and you dont give up  youll get there . 